[Music]
hi I'm Chelsea from BBC cat-food and I'm
going to show you how to light a
Christmas pudding so a Christmas pudding
is made up of dried fruit and alcohol
such as brandy or dark rum and
traditionally with bread crumbs or suet
all mixed together and steamed if your
Christmas pudding recipe has got nuts in
it but you wanted to make it not free
you can simply take them out of the
recipe and add more dried fruit so I've
got my cooked Christmas pudding here
which I've reheated by steaming for
about one hour but if you're using a
shot ball Christmas pudding you can
reheat it in the microwave or follow
packet instructions so I'm just going to
remove the lid
this was covered with greaseproof an
aluminium foil to make sure that it's
water types and no water creeps into the
pudding when reheating it and to turn
out I'm gonna pop a plate on top of the
pudding and flip it over
so now we're ready to light our
Christmas pudding so I'm just gonna
clear the area I've got my brandy in a
small saucepan so I'm just gonna gently
warm it through this will help get a
bigger flame when we go to light it our
Brandy's heated through now so I'm just
gonna tip it to the side and light it
you could always transfer it to a ladle
at this point and then pour it over to
your Christmas pudding if you were
taking it to the table and didn't want
to take a saucepan with you
and there you have it that's how you
like a Christmas pudding Merry Christmas
[Music]
you